Data, once saved, is easy hidden away. Every change you might want to make in reviewing your data can disappear other data. Traditional Programming, in my opinion, has only ever addressed the refinding through specialty effort. Specialty Efforts include going to search for the data without restrictions and they're the administrator or looking in backups of the data and trying to rebuild what has changed. Trying to find your data again...

If there is a possibility, the perfect computers still have that data and no one else and no else missed out. The items for your online store still appeared and only you, not the customer, missed out. Where your schoolwork might have been labeled for another class but the teachers all figured your grades fine. Simply put, like robots doing their part but your expectations surprised to find your grades with the other teacher only. The label for class didn't prevent the teacher grading what they assigned, piece of paper by piece of paper...

Data treated line cards from a deck-of-cards. Each a: Block. No matter how unlikely, a perfect situation had the right Teacher read for grading each of their Student's submitted works...or available works happenced yours available when they looked, no matter how other labels have changed... the customer at your online store did not miss out.

Perfect things, robots and computers. Errors are given to them and expected as a 'given.' No one typically tries to touch and remove all those errors as they go with a house of cards, all ready to tumble and data, once again, "recovered."

Those computers and robots could try without, us in the way, if they could analyze and not touch data... the Teacher COULD have worked together and not needed to change your labels...

Even a mistake puts data out of reach of use...
Only YOU might have made any reading the labels of importance the mistaken factor to the entire grading process. If your pieces could flexibly get there in argument, you have fewer 'errors' to moments someone using the computer missed the data...

Each Teacher grading THEIR Students' work at the same time means no rule breaking either...

Each and every, or if you've got some of the data wrong and some of the data right enough, any Block still made it through; your online store still holding as an item to TRY and purchase. Each 'error' could be the wrong Inbox and the wrong recent total count of things to sell; the situations are limitless, though...

Sharp#s will help you condense and list each of your unique situations. Teachers with the same Students after all, are still able to be your Grades Teachers... they know to hand off easily. 

Robots and Computers don't have to be given errors...